[docs] Improve the data grid components page (#1382)
mui-org/material-ui-x: docs/src/pages/components/data-grid/components/components.md

<p class="description">The grid is highly customizable. Override components using the <code>components</code> prop.</p>

> ## Installing Component

Reviewer: Heading convention

```suggestion
## Installing component
```

Reviewer: But the terminology might be confusing, not sure. No strong point of view, maybe this could work better:

```suggestion
## Overriding components
```

Reviewer 2: +1 for "overriding". The first time I saw I thought it was installation instructions. 😁

As part of the customization API, the grid allows you to override internal components with the `components` prop.
The prop accepts an object of type [`GridSlotsComponent`](/api/data-grid/#slots).

If you wish to pass additional props in a component slot, you can do it using the `componentsProps` prop. This prop is of type `GridSlotsComponentsProps`.

As an example, you could override the column menu and pass additional props as below.

```jsx
<DataGrid
  rows={rows}
  columns={columns}
  components={{
    ColumnMenu: MyCustomColumnMenu,
  }}
  componentsProps={{
    columnMenu: { background: 'red', counter: rows.length },
  }}
/>
```

**Note** The casing is different between the `components` (ColumnMenu) and `componentsProps` (columnMenu) props.

### Getting props

While overriding component slots, you might need to access the grid data.

> Therefore, the grid expose a `useGridSlotComponentProps` hook which allows to retrieve the following props.

Reviewer 2: There's still the void space pointed in https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui-x/pull/1382#discussion_r631246011.

```suggestion
Therefore, the grid exposes a `useGridSlotComponentProps` hook which allows to retrieve the following props.
```

- `state`: the current grid state.
- `rows`: the current rows in the grid.
- `columns`: the current columns in the grid.
- `options`: the current set of options in the grid.

> - `apiRef`: the `GridApi` ref that allows to manipulate the grid.

Reviewer: I would add a pro icon as it's not in the MIT version

Author: atm params are not segregated for data-grid

Reviewer: If we plan to do such, it would be much better to document it now. Why? I think that developers would hate us and we would break trust if we move features from the community plan to the pro plan.

Author: done

> - `rootElement`: the root DOM element

Reviewer: If we add a dot the previous ones, then:

```suggestion
- `rootElement`: the root DOM element.
```

It can be used as below.

```tsx
function CustomRowCounter() {
  const { rows } = useGridSlotComponentProps();

>   return <div> Row count: {rows.length} </div>;

Reviewer: Spaces are not useful

```suggestion
  return <div>Row count: {rows.length}</div>;
```

}
```

## Components

The full list of overridable components can be found in the [`GridSlotsComponent`](/api/data-grid/#slots) api page.

### ColumnMenu

> As mentioned above, the column menu is a customizable component that can be recomposed easily and customised on each column as in the demo below.

Reviewer: en_US not en_GB

```suggestion
As mentioned above, the column menu is a customizable component that can be recomposed easily and customized on each column as in the demo below.
```

{{"demo": "pages/components/data-grid/components/CustomColumnMenu.js", "bg": "inline"}}

> Below is our default `GridColumnMenu`.

Reviewer: we/our is to be avoided

```suggestion
Below is the default `GridColumnMenu`.
```

```tsx
export const GridColumnMenu = React.forwardRef<
  HTMLUListElement,
  GridColumnMenuProps
>(function GridColumnMenu(props: GridColumnMenuProps, ref) {
  const { hideMenu, currentColumn } = props;

  return (
    <GridColumnMenuContainer ref={ref} {...props}>
      <SortGridMenuItems onClick={hideMenu} column={currentColumn!} />
      <GridFilterMenuItem onClick={hideMenu} column={currentColumn!} />
      <HideGridColMenuItem onClick={hideMenu} column={currentColumn!} />
      <GridColumnsMenuItem onClick={hideMenu} column={currentColumn!} />
    </GridColumnMenuContainer>
  );
});
```

> ### Toolbar

Reviewer: For the toolbar I think that showing all the imports in `CustomToolbarGrid` would be preferred. For a developer, it's a lot easier to remove one import, than to figure out which import to use for the missing component.

Author: Not sure I understand what that means.

Reviewer: I was proposing:

```diff
diff --git a/docs/src/pages/components/data-grid/components/CustomToolbarGrid.tsx b/docs/src/pages/components/data-grid/components/CustomToolbarGrid.tsx
index 5cadc196..a13b0fe6 100644
--- a/docs/src/pages/components/data-grid/components/CustomToolbarGrid.tsx
+++ b/docs/src/pages/components/data-grid/components/CustomToolbarGrid.tsx
@@ -4,6 +4,8 @@ import {
   GridToolbarContainer,
   GridColumnsToolbarButton,
   GridFilterToolbarButton,
+  GridDensitySelector,
+  GridToolbarExport,
 } from '@material-ui/data-grid';
 import { useDemoData } from '@material-ui/x-grid-data-generator';

@@ -12,6 +14,8 @@ function CustomToolbar() {
     <GridToolbarContainer>
       <GridColumnsToolbarButton />
       <GridFilterToolbarButton />
+      <GridDensitySelector />
+      <GridToolbarExport />
     </GridToolbarContainer>
   );
 }
diff --git a/docs/src/pages/components/data-grid/components/components.md b/docs/src/pages/components/data-grid/components/components.md
index 7bbcf063..0e34c7a9 100644
--- a/docs/src/pages/components/data-grid/components/components.md
+++ b/docs/src/pages/components/data-grid/components/components.md
@@ -98,6 +98,8 @@ function CustomToolbar() {
     <GridToolbarContainer>
       <GridColumnsToolbarButton />
       <GridFilterToolbarButton />
+      <GridDensitySelector />
+      <GridToolbarExport />
     </GridToolbarContainer>
   );
 }
```

{{"demo": "pages/components/data-grid/components/CustomToolbarGrid.js", "bg": "inline"}}

### Header

> The default header component is the **parent** component of the **toolbar** and of the **filter and columns panel**.

Reviewer: Could we remove the GridHeader customization slot and not document it? It seems to be a foot-gun with no advantages over using the toolbar slot.

> 

Reviewer: It seems to be the same paragraphe.

```suggestion
```

Author: removed

> For this reason, we recommend that you use the toolbar slot directly if you only wish to change this one.

Reviewer: avoid we

```suggestion
For this reason, it's recommended to use the toolbar slot directly if you only wish to change this one.
```

- `hideFooterSelectedRowCount`: If `true`, the selected row count in the footer is hidden.
- `hideFooterPagination`: If `true`, the pagination component in the footer is hidden.

{{"demo": "pages/components/data-grid/components/CustomFooter.js", "bg": "inline"}}

### Pagination

By default, pagination uses the [TablePagination](/components/pagination/#table-pagination) component that is optimized for handling tabular data.
This demo replaces it with the [Pagination](/components/pagination/) component.

{{"demo": "pages/components/data-grid/components/CustomPaginationGrid.js", "bg": "inline"}}

### Loading overlay

By default, the loading overlay displays a circular progress.
This demo replaces it with a linear progress.

{{"demo": "pages/components/data-grid/components/CustomLoadingOverlayGrid.js", "bg": "inline"}}

### No rows overlay

In the following demo, an illustration is added on top of the default "No Rows" message.

{{"demo": "pages/components/data-grid/components/CustomEmptyOverlayGrid.js", "bg": "inline"}}

> **Note** As the no rows overlay, the grid allows to override a no result overlay, as listed [`here`](/api/data-grid/#slots).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Note** As the no rows overlay, the grid also allows to override the no results overlay with the `NoResultsOverlay` slot.
```
